everybody just wanted to show you what
is getting ready to fix kinda boards are
just going to make a quick little video
here and I've got in the crop are not
the crock pot as a pressure cooker this
is a pressure cooker so that great
pressure cooker and I've got I'm getting
ready to make some chicken soup maybe
you can see where I got in there I bet
some frozen chicken tenders got a half a
bag of the bit or half a good size bag
of the mixed veggies and some about a
box and a half of chicken stock so we're
going to do is put all that in there
oh I've got some extra wide egg noodles
in there too so also to make the chicken
soup Oh get some celery salt here and
wet them in it too
cuz I get that put in there put the lid
on and let it go for or set it to 20
minutes and it should be ready at about
half an hour so I was I'll show you what
it looks like when I get it out okay
chicken soup must be ready the beeper
went off the log I just turned it off so
I'm like it just let me release the
pressure and we'll take the lid off the
suit looks like okay time to say what
this said chicken looks like our chicken
sleep looks like Oh take the lid off
let's get every good look at it oh my
goodness gracious look at that
mmm and that looks good yeah that's it
here babe
take this oh man look at that that looks
good mmm can't wait to try that hey
everybody here's the finished product
looks so good the chicken in it is just
falling apart all right as big chicken
tenders in it and I can just cut it with
my plastic spoon here it's so tender I
mean look at that nice and tender
get that piece right off of there so
here comes the face test all right here
we go here's my bike ooh walking up the
mirror there or there's nothing all
right
hogging that up there all right I just
kept low on it oh yeah mm-hmm
oh good okay
oh yeah I'm not sure done okay I'll see
you later yeah I'm good day